Greek Phoenix, Satrapian Wars and Muslim civil wars

**Scandinavia and Finland update** :
The area from Norway to Karelia have been reworked :
The lore :
With a still mostly Balkanized Scandinavia, the local kingdoms fight for hegemony over the amber trade and the baltic sea. The Norse also embarked on expeditions to Britannia, the other side of the Baltic and even the Slavic steppes. This left them weaken and they couldn't handle the great Sapmi migration led by their charismatic king Ammol. Sweden which managed to unite the Swedes lots several battles against the Sapmi and their kingdom fell into disarray. The crown now only hold the capital of Stockholm which is threatened by the nearby Sapmi.
*Countries*:
-Sapmi and Samiland which controll most of the north
-Vestfold/Agder/Hordaland/Halogaland/Alfheimr as norwegian kingdoms
-Geats/Wulfing/Sweden as swedish kingdoms
-Finland/Tavastland/Savonia as finnish kingdoms

*Formable Nations*:
Norway and Sweden are now formable

*Others*:
The Norse faith now allows them to raid

*event*
The Stora Kopparberget is not here at the start of the game now. It will spawn with an event if you have 5 production on it

**Germany**
New countries:
-Thuringia : Thuringians are now independent but good friend with Saxony since they share the same culture. They also fought the Slavs and the Franks together.
-Suebia in Switzerland : The Suebians didn't manage to settle in Galicia as in reality, they were stopped by the Roman far sooner and so they settle in actual Switzerland where they remained more or less independent depending on the strength of their Lombard/Franks/Burgonds neighbors

Outside of these 2 additions, the lore of the region hasn't really changed (see patchnote 0.5)
*Mission trees and Events*
Saxony : Focus on conquering central Europe by taking down their Frankish nemesis, punishing the norse raiders, stopping the eastern Khanate and subjugating the nearby Slavs.
This mission tree is also linked with several events :
  -German-Polabian war : the Thuringian will call for help against the Polabians tribes. This war has several ending with the Orda Khanate intervening or not and the Thuringian king will die while in war, so you may have a nice surprise as a Saxon player ;)
  -Fate of the Norse faith: As a German you can choose to accept or fight the Norse faith.
  -Lotharinga Intervention : after your conquest of Franconia, Lothringia will have an event to protect the other remnants of East Francia with a guarantee.

Lotharingia :
  -Focus on the unification of the Franks under the Lotharingian banner by using the chaos in West Francia to conquer it and vassalizing the East Francian successor states. This vassalization is done with an event chain triggered by the mission that requires you to conquer the East-Francian provinces of Saxony. Once you have captured these provinces you can send envoys to the East Francian successors to vassalize them and they may accept or refuse it.
East Francian successor (Bavaria/Alamannia/Franconia) :
  First they focus on subjugating the others East Francian successor states and taking back their lands from the Saxon.
  Once they have done that they unlock the second part of the mission tree where they have 3 roads : Uniting the Franks/Finish the Saxons/Taking down the Mongols
  They also have missions linked with an event where they will have to choose a capital (each capital will give different bonus), making it grow and centralizing the country.

Netherlands event :
Batavia and Frisia don't start as Lotharingian vassal anymore. Instead they will have an event chain where they will choose what they want to do :
  -Uniting with the other Dutch nation
  -Seek protection from one of the power of the region (they will become heir vassals)


*Cultural assimilation Events*
Like Britannia, you will have some cultural assimilation with events for Saxony :
These culture can be assimilated : Scandinavian/East Francian/Bavarian/Polabian/Bohemian/Alamann

*Formation of Frankish nations:*
-East Francia is less complicated to form and makes you integrate your other East Francian vassals (Bavaria/Alamannia/Franconia)
-West Francia formation makes you inherit the West Francian personal unions


**Britannia**
The lore :
Britannia is as it as always been since the Romans gave it up, fractured and in turmoil. Kindgoms rose and broke appart in chain. Following the fall of the Roman province of Britannia the German tribes invaded from the East and create Brytenwalda, their new home, it lasted from 781 to 1036 when, like they did hundreds of years before, a great Norse host came to conquer new lands. The new invaders conquered most of the midlands and scotlands and declared the kingdom of Bretland. Their conquest lasted until 1243 where they suffered their first major loss trying to invade Ireland, that had united in fear of the Norse. Following this the germans reconquered province after province and in 1321 and reformed Brytenwalda. The Picts and the Scotts freed themselves and pushed the Norse back to the northern isles. Northymbrie was pushed back to York, and was slowly loosing hold of its territories, in 1426 only Yorkshire and the northern isles remained. Then came Siegfried Ragnarsson, self proclaimed decendent of Lodbrok himself, but mostly a cunning leader, he won a series of victories for the dying Jarldom and took control after the massacre of Lincolnshire, where the Jarl of Brytenwalda and all his close relative where butchered along with their armies, thus breaking the Jarldom once more. He also pushed back the Picts in 1433 and is ready to finish what he started. Through all this, the city of Londinium never fell, the sturdy walls always protected the city and never where they breached, but the invaders in the north might push even the neutral romans to action.
*Formable Nations*:
-Brytenwalda is now formable by the germanic jarldoms.
-New Bretland flag
-New Britannia flag

*Mission trees and Events*
Londunium/Britannia :
  -Try to reestablish the former Roman province of Britannia by trying to find unexpected allies or by waging a ruthless war on the Norse and Germans.
Londunium events :
  -The Roman senate might reach out if the province is stable, the ensuing choice will impact the country deeply.

Northumbria :
  -The invasion of Bretland is at a pivoting point, finish it before the Germans and Celts band together.
  -Chose a stance on the matter of culture in your new provinces and deal with immigration from Scandinavia.
  -Go further west to the legendary lands of Vinland.
  -Pillage the Iberian peninsula and enrich you capital in York.

Seaxe/East-anglie/Mierce :
  -Experience a different approach to deal with the invasion of the Norse.
  -Unite the Seaxan and the Angles and reform Brytenwalda.
  -Forming Brytenwalda

Brytenwalda :
  -Deal with cultural representation and state matters.
  -Conquer and organise the Bryten Isles.
  -Develop the first form of industry by becoming reliant on import from the colonies.

*Cultural assimilation Events*
Londinium/Britannia will have some cultural assimilation for all cultures present in the Britannian Isles and the Bretons, depending on choices made in some events.
Northumbria will have some cultural "assimilation" for all cultures present in the Bret Isles, depending on choices made.

**Other changes**
*Trade changes*
Now that basis of the trade nodes are made for this lore, we will dive into more direct changes in the next updates with the creation of new nodes and making new nodes terminal :

-Changes center of trade (Ikonion/Ancyra/Massalia/Narbo Martius/Orleans/Ashur/Abydos/Petra/Armeniakon/Sinop/Naxos/Iadera)
-Constantinople and Carthage(former Tunis) are now terminal nodes
-North Italy trade node to replace Genoa and Venice nodes
-Ragusa now go in Constantinople and North Italy in Carthage

Western changes :
-New node : Flanders (receive from Lubec and North sea, give to Champagne, Rheinland and Londinium)
-Bordeaux has more province in north west France
-Londinium (English channel) has more province in England but no province on the continent
-Londinium go to Bordeaux
-Bordeux go in Valencia
-Rheinland go in North Italy
-Lubeck go into Rheinland
-Rheinland has more province in Germany but no more in the low lands

Eastern changes:
-New nodes Yerevan and Anatolia
-Persia now go in Basra and Yerevan but receive from Hormuz
-Armenia(Yerevan) receive from Persia and Astrakhan and go in Anatolia/Antioch/Basra
-Aleppo (renamed Antioch) receive from Aden/Anatolia/Armenia and go in Constantinople/Alexandria
-Anatolia receive from Crimea/Yerevan and go in Constantinople/Antioch
-Crimea now go in Ragusa
-Persia has more territories in the South/East but loss some territories to Yerevan in the West
-Hormuz lost some Persian provinces and received the Arabian provinces of Basra in exchange
-Aden lost some provinces to Alexandria in Africa but won most of its Arabian provinces in exchange
-Antioch(Aleppo) lost its Anatolian and Mesopotamian provinces but won Palestine and North west Arabia in exchange
-Alexandria now go further south
-Crimea lost its Caucasian and Anatolian territories but win the East Danube area in exchange
-Basra won territories in Mesopotamia but lost all its arabian provinces
-Yerevan go from Armenia Minor (Trebizond) to Azerbaijan and from Kurdistan to Dagestan
-Anatolia consist in the Anatolian peninsula (except the Aegan coast)

*New provinces*
-Gabala south from Antioch in Syria
-Laodikeia in Lycaonia north from Ikonion
-Polemonion between Chaldia and Trebizond in Pontus

*Other additions and changes*
-Upper Egypt win event if it wins the War against Byzantium and Lower Egypt
-Upper Egypt release the vassals before surrending if it lose
-Mixed Anglo-Saxon and Germanic culture
-If Baetica lose or surrender it won't keep most of the cores.
-The province in Northymbria are now a bit different on the map
-Londinium AI shall now take exploration
-Adjacency between Euboea and Andros and Andros and Naxos
-Changed Animist color to differentiate with Dei
-Slavic incident : Countries forced converted by rebels during the incident will now declare war on the Emperor
-Printing press now spawn in Persia
-New Germanic faith Symbol
-Description for every ideas of countries in Gallia
-Added local autonomy for provinces recently conquered in the lore
-New nations : Anbar and Meshan in Mesopotamia
-The Slavic Uprising become the Great Uprising with teh Arabian/Egyptian/Chaldedonian who are also able to rebel
-More non-theoi province in the Empire
-New flags for Lusitania/Volhynia/Kiev/Ragusa
-Cyreanica/Pamphylia/Paphlagonia/Palmyra/Rascia/Dardania and Delta are now republics
-Macedonia and Pontus have now a vassal to be able to rivalized with Byzantium
-Casus Belli to free Tributaries from the horde (can't change the fact that the empire nations ask to become tributaries right now)
-Changed Lotharingian traditions (they now have the same than in the base game, it should nerf them a bit)
-Tripoli is no longer a Carthaginian vassal to prepare the next update
-Lugdunensis is now releasable around Lyon : it is a Roman province which was conquered by the Burgonds
-Syria has less province and (Emesa to Palmyra and Germanicae to Commagene)
*Numidia*
Two nations instead of the multiple kingdoms : Jaraw and Tafilalt
Formable nation : Tamazgha
*Development*
-Nerf the development of Lothian
-Nerf North Italy
-Minor nerf of Lotharingia
-Buff of Carthage
-Minor Buff of Baetica
-Buff of Orleans Kingdom
-Buff Macedonia/Pontus
-Minor nerf of Reims/Soissons
-Minor nerf of Bohemia/Moravia/Tirol

*Corrections*
-Old Prussian is now named Pruthenian
-Cyprus now have the Cilician culture
-Renamed some Prussian provinces
-Corrected Batavian ideas
-Renamed some Carthaginian provinces
-Renamed some Gallian provinces
-Eastern tech group now see further into Arabia
-Armenia color is now more red to not confound with Byzantium
-Trade incident : the peace event shall now also make peace with the overlord of the targeted provinces
-Shadow Kingdom incident : The win events of Byzantium now make peace with Upper Egypt in the rare cases were it still exist
-Upper Egypt now release its vassals before surrending if it lose the Shadow Kingdom war
-Changed the flag of Delta
-Northymbre and Carthaginensis don't have slave raids in their traditions anymore (It was useless for Northymbre since they get it through religion and it was useless for Carthaginensis  since they are surrounded by Roman religion)
-Changed the description of Lotharingian ideas
-Londinium doesn't have culture conversion bonus in its idea since it is useless with the new events
-East Frisia now has dutch culture
-Corrected Lusitania's mission
-Corrected Galicia's mission
-Corrected Gaius#0 name problem
-Added Taras adjective
