
**Africa and Mauretania** :
*Lore*
After the fall of  the Western Roman Empire, the provinces of Africa and Mauretania took their independence like many other provinces.

They went at war against various berber tribes to expand their territories and their hold on the trans-saharan trade. These wars created another, the Jarawa led by Kuhina united several tribes and marched on Africa's territory (in reality Kuhina was a berber queen who fought the Arabs). They won several battle and the province of Africa collapsed while Mauretania lost most of its eastern provinces.

The occupation was gentle and most of the Roman cities on the coast kept a lot of autonomy. This pax-Numidia as it was called by the Romans benefited a lot to the cities on the coast of Africa and they soon became the most prosperous cities in the Mediterranean. They also grew more and more independent from the Jarawa.

In 1444, the Jarawa are crippled by a civil war and the cities of Africa took this opportunity to cut all their bonds with them.
*Border changes*
-Carthage now holds only Tunisia,Malta and two enclaves in Sicily/Sardinia
-Its territories in Libya and south Tunisia have been given to the various Libyan city staes (Leptis Magna/Tacape/Tripoli)
-Its territories in Algeria have been given to the city state of Hippo Regius
-Morocco is now more balkanized and the Jarawa doesn't have territory there anymore
-Fezzan has been annexed by the Jarawa

*New countries*
-Leptis Magna
-Tacape
-Hippo Regius

*Decisions*
-Formable Africa (reform the Roman province)
-Formable Libya (Libyan confederation formable by the Libyan city states of Tripoli/Tacape/Leptis Magna)
-Decision to build the cothon for Carthage

*National ideas*
-Jarawa
-Carthage rework
-Berber rework
-African (from the Roman province of Africa)

*Mission trees*
Jarawa:

First you will have to deal with the early civil war. Once you have done that, you will send envoys to your former vassals (the African city States : Carthage,Hippo Regius,etc...). They can answer to this demand differently. Some will refuse, some will accept, some will bound together to be strong enough to refuse.

After that you will have to conquer these rebellious Roman
This is the first 4 missions.

Following this, you will have two road :

-The road on the left makes you cross the Sahara. It grants you some uncolonized land which will lead to the invasion of Western Africa.

- On the central road : At first it focuses on conquering the Maghreb region and dealing with the internal problems there (such as the Roman culture)

You will also have to choose a capital : this choice is a bit of a mix between the Lombard choice of culture and the East Francia choice of Capital. The capital you choose will dictate your cultural choice (Roman or Numidian or a bit of both)

The center focus on the conquest of West Mediterranean.

And the right side is about conquering Egypt. These missions which are shared with Carthage grants you a sweet bonus in the end : Each province of grain in the Maghreb region gains the Granary of the Mediterranean modifier and the price of grain is increased by 50%

Carthage:
The biggest mission tree ever done in this mod (43 missions in total, a portion of them are mutually exclusive ):

The cultural shift event will also change your mission tree (I will speak of a Carthaginian tree and Neo-Roman tree) quite heavily but first the common parts :

The first missions are quite classic : you must secure your starting area (take Hippo Regius and Tripolitania, take cities from the Jarawa , Reunite Africa province)
On the right you have the naval missions : it will lead to some missions to control the isles of the Mediterannean and link afterwards with the main "Conquest of sub-tree" of the the Neo-Roman tree and Carthaginian tree
It will also lead to the colonization missions which are common to the Neo-Roman and Carthaginian tree : this tree consist in creating your special colonies on most of the possible areas. Once you have a trading post and a special colony in the area, you can take the mission and it will reward you with Mercantilism and trade power in the trade nodes of the area. The last missions of this subtree gives the Thalassocracy modifier

Neo-Roman tree:
Once you have reunite Africa, your job will be to take your armies to Italy and Rome. You can gain the Griko as an accepted culture and inherit all territories from Roma once, you have taken the city.
After that, you will have to reconquer most of the Western Roman Empire.
Once this is done you will finish with the duo-missions "Rome Reborn" and "Emperor of East and West". These two missions are available for all neo-roman countries (which have big mission trees).
The first gives a nasty modifier to Rome and triggered the Union of the Eagles event (see Events in Western Roman Empire)
In the second one, you will have to form the Roman Empire. The mission will gives you most of the greek cultures as accepted along with some cool bonuses

Carthaginian tree (independent culture):
The conquest you will have to do in this tree is different :
-Instead of Focusing on old WRE land, it focuses on the Mediterannean
-Most of them will give trade power in the region you conquer and mercantilism
-First it is mostly old Carthaginian territories (Hispania, islands, African coast)
-Carthaginian Empire missions needs you to have a certain income, it will give 3 merchants at completion and the Roma delenda est event where you will have to choose a road to invade Rome (Hannibal Road or through South Italy)
-From this mission you have 3 sides : conquest of Egypt (same as the Jarawa), conquest of Rome and then Constantinople
-Conquest of Cyprus and Phoenicia (Return of Dido)

*Events*
-Jarawa civil war at the start of the game
-Carthage event chains to choose between a republic and a monarchy and how these government will works

-Carthage cultural shift : stay roman or break from the neo-roman culture group and create its own group
-Carthage conversion to the Canaanite religion (only available if Carthage choose to create it's own culture group)

-Jarawa-Roman war : at the end of the civil war, the Jarawa will demand submission of the Romans cities states of Africa
-Libyan Confederation: When threatened by the Jarawa the Libyan City states will unite into a confederation

-Cultural conversions events for Carthage (works for both choice in the cultural shift)

-Jarawa choice of capital
-Roma delenda est event for Carthage (choose a road to invade Rome)

*Carthage colonization mechanics*
-Unique mechanic :
Carthago doesn't colonize like the other nations. The first colony in the region will become a trading outpost that you will keep, all the others in the region will be given to a special protectorate. This protectorate will have a culture and religion fitting the region. They gives you a part of their trade like a colony, but you can also divert their trade. They are more or less colonies without the tariffs system. Once they have ten provinces, they will give more global trade power than normal colonies (0.1 instead of 0.05 and yes normal colonies gives global trade power if you didn't know). The goal here is to make colonization less conversion/extermination of natives focused and more trade focused.

-There is an introduction event which explains exactly what I have explained
-Numidia : You will have a choice where you choose if you want to keep the inner territories of the Maghreb to yourself or create a Carthaginian colony there

*Religion*
Canaanite religion with its own gods

*Others*
-Global boost of development of the region. Now that Carthage is weaker, I can boost African dev without fearing a big white blob
-New flags for the Jarawa and Tripoli
-Improved flag of Carthage
-Moors culture
-Unique privileges for the Jarawa

**Italy**:
*Lore*
The Western Roman Empire is long gone. The Lombards never succeeded in taking Rome, but the once glorious city suffered a lot from the wars against its barbarian neighbor. The cities in the south took their independence and many of them are now heavily influenced by the Eastern Roman Empire(Eastern Rome invaded the area at one point).

Rome switched from a republic to tyranny and from tyranny to republic multiple times without great success. The last years saw another war between Rome and the Lombards. Rome managed to take back its missing part of Tuscany but at what cost ?
The king is hated by many, their neighbors dislike them, their province spreads the word of secession,  the coffers are empty, and there are no men left for the Roman fields or armies.
Rome is in a dire situation.


*Border changes*
-The Lombards are now divided in 4 instead of 2 (Padova and Piedmont are new)
-Rome has less territory in the beginning but control central Itlay with vassals (for now)
-Salernum has been broken and Balkanized into multiple city states (Naples/Bari/Arpi/Aprutium/Lucania)
-Carthage doesn't control Sicily/Calabria. This area has also been city-stated (Syracuse/Messina/Panormus/Rhegium/Crotona). Carthage still holds Malta and Lilybaeum
-Same things for Corsica Sardinia. Cartahge only holds Cagliari. The rest of Sardinia is controlled by Turris. Corsica is independant

*Roma Starts*
Rome start with 3 heavy maluses.
You can deal with this maluses through missions, decisions and events
Roma's start is hard.

*New countries*
-Crotona
-Rhegium
-Syracusa
-Panormus (Palermo)
-Lucania
-Bari
-Ravenna
-Arpi
-Aprutium
-Padova
-Piedmont

*National ideas*
-Roman ideas rework
-Syracusan ideas
-Aquileian Ideas
-Ravennate Ideas
-Apennian Ideas (Latin city states in South Italy)


*Decisions*
-Formable Magna Graecia
-Formable Rome if it is defeated (formable only by Apennian/Tuscan/Roman culture)
-Decision to build/renovate the Colosseum/Circus Maximus/Pantheon/Aurelian Walls/Port of Ostia/ A new Forum
-Deal with the Roman debt

*Events*
-Defenestration of Roma and its follow-up (choice between Republic and Monarchy, vassal Revolts)
-Deal with the empty lands (Erase one of the malus chain)
-Greeko-Roman Schism
-Lomabrd disrupt the ERE control over Illyria event chain
-Lomabrd cultural choice

*Mission trees*

-The Lombard Mission tree:

The first part focus on reuniting the Lombard realm by killing the other duchies.

After that at the center, you have to centralize the country. Then comes the choice of this tree : will you remain Lombard or will you embrace a Roman culture. This tree changes the missions you get at the center.

On the left you have the conquest of the western lands. These missions are kind of straightforward, the only thing of note being the Personal Union Casus Belli on the Burgonds.

On the right you have the conquest of Eastern lands which focuses on two things : Disrupting the ERE and killing the Hordes.
The ERE disruption will come with an event chain and an unique incident that can lead to different outcome. The goal for the Lombards being the removal of the ERE influence in Illyria


-The Roman Mission tree:

-First things first, you will have to deal with the chaos within the country, caused by the defenestration of Roma
-Then on  the center you will deal with one of the malus and rebuild the realm
-On the right you will have the missions to rebuild Roma (build buildings and decisions building such as the Colosseum, develop to 50 development) and a lot of Reforms (Navy/Trade/Army/Administration)

-Like the neo-Roman path of Carthage there is a lot of conquest of the old WRE lands
-Roma also have an unique mission to ask recognition from the ERE. It can leads to  a schism or friendship


**Western Roman Empire**:
*Formation WRE*
-You now have to own Rome,300 development in Italy and 1000 development in total to form WRE
-When formed you will fire an event to demand the reintegration of the neo-roman states in the WRE (see Events section)
-When formed, it will gives you claims on the whole former WRE

*Formation Roman Empire*
-To form it, you need to be either the Western Roman Empire or the Easter Roman Empire
-You also need 2500 dev, 1000 in Greek culture group provinces and 1000 neo-roman provinces
-The last things you need are Constantinople and Rome
-You can also formed it if you are the emperor of the ERE as the WRE

*Missions Reworked*
They now all have the "Rome Reborn" and "Emperor of East and West" missions. Some other missions have been changed to adapt the new layout in Italy or cultural conversion
Missions in Hispania have been corrected and overhauled
-Narbonnensis
-Aquitania
-Baetica
-Cathaginensis
-Taraconensis
-Galicia
-Lusitania

*Ideas*
-Western Roman Empire ideas
-Roman Empire ideas

*Events*
-Culture conversion events for the Burgond/Franks/Griko/Anglo-seaxan/Lombards/Cornish-Breton-welsh/Northumbrian
-Events that demand the reintegration of all the neo-roman states into the WRE (if they accept you will have a new vassal, if they refuse you will have a casus belli). Triggred when the WRE is formed
-Event chains where the WRE claims the throne of the Eastern Roman Empire. It the WRE wins, it can choose several outcome (dismantle the empire, become the emperor). Triggered from the Rome Reborned mission

*Others*
-Hispania and Gallia now requires some development (500 for Hispania, 600 for Gallia) in their region to be formed instead of their previous requirements
-They also don't gives you the Empire rank anymore

**Russia and East Europe**:

*New countries*
-Chuds (Ugric)
-Veps (Ugric)
-Udmurt (Ugric)
-Cumania

*Border changes*
-Kazan has been replaced by Cumania
-Provinces in the north has been given to ugric tribes
-Various changes to make the three princes of Kiev/Novgorod/Rostov the powerhouse of the region

*Others*
-Merged East and West slavic culure groups
-Culture and religion changes/corrections
-Dev Boost of the Kiev region and nerf of the muscovy region

**Arabia**

-Medina mission Reworked
-Medina can create The Rashidun caliphate
-Hormuz can choose religion (Shiite, Ibadite, Sunni, Arabian, zoroastrian) + some mission  
-boost dev Al Haasa
-Event cultural Assimilation for Medina and Rashidun Caliphate (For Egypt ; Berber and Hispania)

**Other changes**

*New provinces and border changes*
New provinces:
-Anatolia:  Cibyrrha, Paphos,Gordion,Miletos,Satala,Athenae
-Egypt: Leontopolis
-Greece: Argos,Pharsale,Kea,Samos
-Bulgaria: Novae,Odessus
-Gallia: Dagsburg,Vosges,Segosa,Abbeville,Chalons en Champagne,Mayenne, Chateauroux,Lisieux
-Mesopotamia: Dara,Assur,Borsippa,Hatra
-Italy: Arminium,Asculum,Thurii,Aleria,Capua,Gela, Tarquinii, Cosa, Placentia
-Africa:Hadramentum,Dougga,Cartena

-Reworked the areas in Anatolia and Mesopotamia
-Changes of owners in some provinces in Mesopotamia to balance with the new provinces
-Some border changes in Bulgaria to balance with the new provinces
-Carthago Nova is now in Valencia area and trade node
-both Franconia areas are in North Germany region
-A new through the Caucasus
-Ottoman now holds two province in Kursk area
-Byzantium lost a province to Macedonia
These two changes are here to nerf a bit Byzantium which snowballed a bit to hard on its rival in the Empire, the Ottomans and even Armenia. Byzantium should still be stronger than its neighbor, but its expansion should be slower.

*Culture and religion*
-Pontic culture now go further in Anatolia
-The Tuaregs are now in the berber culture group
-Egyptian religion now goes further south

*Loading screens*
New loading screens made by Errendel

*New countries*
-Limassol (Cyprus)
-Paphos (Cyprus)
-Salamis (Cyprus)
-Argos (Cyprus)
-Nubia now start in 1444 instead of appearing afterwards.

*Decisions*
Cypus is now a formable nation : Cyprus has been balkanized, and is now formable by Paphos/Limassol/Salamis

*Trade*
-Novgorod goes to Kiev
-White Sea goes to Novgorod
-Astrakhan goes to Novgorod

-More centers of trade in Carthage and Ragusa
-Less trade center in Galicia

*Fort changes*
Disposition of forts has been remade in every the whole Europe/Middle-East/North Africa to balance everything out

*Balancing*
-Parliament seat now also give trade power bonus
-Jupiter and Zeus gives more legitimacy (0.5 instead of 0.1). They also give republican tradition
-There are less republics in the Balkans (there is now republic in Cyprus instead)
-Easier formation of East Francia : it only require some specific provinces and the lands lost to the Saxons

*Naming*
-Renamed some provinces in Mesopotamia

**Corrections**
-Corrected some Latin names
-Correction of the Slavic Uprising : If some options were chosen, some nations converted to minor religion regardless of the religious unity (even if it was high). It is now fixed
-Corrected the formation of Egypt (no longer need to have Memphis as capital)
-Byzantium and other heirs shall now appear in 1444
